Question #1001Topic 1
A company operates a food delivery service. Because of recent growth, the company's order processing system is experiencing scaling problems during peak traffic hours. The current architecture includes Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group that collect orders from an application. A second group of EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group fulfills the orders.

The order collection process occurs quickly, but the order fulfillment process can take longer. Data must not be lost because of a scaling event.

A solutions architect must ensure that the order collection process and the order fulfillment process can both scale adequately during peak traffic hours.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the CPUUtilization metric for each instance in both Auto Scaling groups. Configure each Auto Scaling group's minimum capacity to meet its peak workload value.
B. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the CPUUtilization metric for each instance in both Auto Scaling groups. Configure a CloudWatch alarm to invoke an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to create additional Auto Scaling groups on demand.
C. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues. Use one SQS queue for order collection. Use the second SQS queue for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queues. Scale the Auto Scaling groups based on notifications that the queues send.
D. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues. Use one SQS queue for order collection. Use the second SQS queue for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queues. Scale the Auto Scaling groups based on the number of messages in each queue. Most Voted
 
Correct Answer: D 🗳️
Community vote distribution
D (100%)

Question #1002Topic 1
An online gaming company is transitioning user data storage to Amazon DynamoDB to support the company's growing user base. The current architecture includes DynamoDB tables that contain user profiles, achievements, and in-game transactions.

The company needs to design a robust, continuously available, and resilient DynamoDB architecture to maintain a seamless gaming experience for users.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Create DynamoDB tables in a single AWS Region. Use on-demand capacity mode. Use global tables to replicate data across multiple Regions.
B. Use DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) to cache frequently accessed data. Deploy tables in a single AWS Region and enable auto scaling. Configure Cross-Region Replication manually to additional Regions.
C. Create DynamoDB tables in multiple AWS Regions. Use on-demand capacity mode. Use DynamoDB Streams for Cross-Region Replication between Regions.
D. Use DynamoDB global tables for automatic multi-Region replication. Deploy tables in multiple AWS Regions. Use provisioned capacity mode. Enable auto scaling. Most Voted
 
Correct Answer: D 🗳️
Community vote distribution
D (92%)
8%

Question #1003Topic 1
A company runs its media rendering application on premises. The company wants to reduce storage costs and has moved all data to Amazon S3. The on-premises rendering application needs low-latency access to storage.

The company needs to design a storage solution for the application. The storage solution must maintain the desired application performance.

Which storage solution will meet these requirements in the MOST cost-effective way?

A. Use Mountpoint for Amazon S3 to access the data in Amazon S3 for the on-premises application.
B. Configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway to provide storage for the on-premises application. Most Voted
C. Copy the data from Amazon S3 to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. Configure an Amazon FSx File Gateway to provide storage for the on-premises application.
D. Configure an on-premises file server. Use the Amazon S3 API to connect to S3 storage. Configure the application to access the storage from the on-premises file server.
 
Correct Answer: B 🗳️
Community vote distribution
B (100%)

Question #1004Topic 1
A company hosts its enterprise resource planning (ERP) system in the us-east-1 Region. The system runs on Amazon EC2 instances. Customers use a public API that is hosted on the EC2 instances to exchange information with the ERP system. International customers report slow API response times from their data centers.

Which solution will improve response times for the international customers MOST cost-effectively?

A. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection that has a public virtual interface (VIF) to provide connectivity from each customer's data center to us-east-1. Route customer API requests by using a Direct Connect gateway to the ERP system API.
B. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the API. Configure the CachingOptimized managed cache policy to provide improved cache efficiency.
C. Set up AWS Global Accelerator. Configure listeners for the necessary ports. Configure endpoint groups for the appropriate Regions to distribute traffic. Create an endpoint in the group for the API. Most Voted
D. Use AWS Site-to-Site VPN to establish dedicated VPN tunnels between Regions and customer networks. Route traffic to the API over the VPN connections.
 
Correct Answer: C 🗳️
Community vote distribution
C (60%)
B (40%)

Question #1005Topic 1
A company tracks customer satisfaction by using surveys that the company hosts on its website. The surveys sometimes reach thousands of customers every hour. Survey results are currently sent in email messages to the company so company employees can manually review results and assess customer sentiment.

The company wants to automate the customer survey process. Survey results must be available for the previous 12 months.

Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST scalable way?

A. Send the survey results data to an Amazon API Gateway endpoint that is connected to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Create an AWS Lambda function to poll the SQS queue, call Amazon Comprehend for sentiment analysis, and save the results to an Amazon DynamoDB table. Set the TTL for all records to 365 days in the future. Most Voted
B. Send the survey results data to an API that is running on an Amazon EC2 instance. Configure the API to store the survey results as a new record in an Amazon DynamoDB table, call Amazon Comprehend for sentiment analysis, and save the results in a second DynamoDB table. Set the TTL for all records to 365 days in the future.
C. Write the survey results data to an Amazon S3 bucket. Use S3 Event Notifications to invoke an AWS Lambda function to read the data and call Amazon Rekognition for sentiment analysis. Store the sentiment analysis results in a second S3 bucket. Use S3 lifecycle policies on each bucket to expire objects after 365 days.
D. Send the survey results data to an Amazon API Gateway endpoint that is connected to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure the SQS queue to invoke an AWS Lambda function that calls Amazon Lex for sentiment analysis and saves the results to an Amazon DynamoDB table. Set the TTL for all records to 365 days in the future.
 
Correct Answer: A 🗳️
Community vote distribution
A (100%)

Question #1006Topic 1
A company uses AWS Systems Manager for routine management and patching of Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 instances are in an IP address type target group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB).

New security protocols require the company to remove EC2 instances from service during a patch. When the company attempts to follow the security protocol during the next patch, the company receives errors during the patching window.

Which combination of solutions will resolve the errors? (Choose two.)

A. Change the target type of the target group from IP address type to instance type.
B. Continue to use the existing Systems Manager document without changes because it is already optimized to handle instances that are in an IP address type target group behind an ALB.
C. Implement the AWSEC2-PatchLoadBalanacerInstance Systems Manager Automation document to manage the patching process. Most Voted
D. Use Systems Manager Maintenance Windows to automatically remove the instances from service to patch the instances. Most Voted
E. Configure Systems Manager State Manager to remove the instances from service and manage the patching schedule. Use ALB health checks to re-route traffic.
 
Correct Answer: CD 🗳️
Community vote distribution
CD (92%)
8%

Question #1007Topic 1
A medical company wants to perform transformations on a large amount of clinical trial data that comes from several customers. The company must extract the data from a relational database that contains the customer data. Then the company will transform the data by using a series of complex rules. The company will load the data to Amazon S3 when the transformations are complete.

All data must be encrypted where it is processed before the company stores the data in Amazon S3. All data must be encrypted by using customer-specific keys.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational effort?

A. Create one AWS Glue job for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each job that uses server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3) to encrypt the data.
B. Create one Amazon EMR cluster for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each cluster that uses client-side encryption with a custom client-side root key (CSE-Custom) to encrypt the data.
C. Create one AWS Glue job for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each job that uses client-side encryption with AWS KMS managed keys (CSE-KMS) to encrypt the data. Most Voted
D. Create one Amazon EMR cluster for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each cluster that uses server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) to encrypt the data.
 
Correct Answer: C 🗳️
Community vote distribution
C (89%)
5%

Question #1008Topic 1
A company hosts a website analytics application on a single Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instance. The analytics application is highly resilient and is designed to run in stateless mode.

The company notices that the application is showing signs of performance degradation during busy times and is presenting 5xx errors. The company needs to make the application scale seamlessly.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the web application. Use the AMI to launch a second EC2 On-Demand Instance. Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute the load across the two EC2 instances.
B. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the web application. Use the AMI to launch a second EC2 On-Demand Instance. Use Amazon Route 53 weighted routing to distribute the load across the two EC2 instances.
C. Create an AWS Lambda function to stop the EC2 instance and change the instance type. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to invoke the Lambda function when CPU utilization is more than 75%.
D. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the web application. Apply the AMI to a launch template. Create an Auto Scaling group that includes the launch template. Configure the launch template to use a Spot Fleet. Attach an Application Load Balancer to the Auto Scaling group. Most Voted
 
Correct Answer: D 🗳️
Community vote distribution
D (75%)
A (25%)

Question #1009Topic 1
A company runs an environment where data is stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. The objects are accessed frequently throughout the day. The company has strict da ta encryption requirements for data that is stored in the S3 bucket. The company currently uses AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) for encryption.

The company wants to optimize costs associated with encrypting S3 objects without making additional calls to AWS KMS.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3).
B. Use an S3 Bucket Key for server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) on the new objects. Most Voted
C. Use client-side encryption with AWS KMS customer managed keys.
D. Use server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C) stored in AWS KMS.
 
Correct Answer: B 🗳️
Community vote distribution
B (78%)
A (22%)

Question #1010Topic 1
A company runs multiple workloads on virtual machines (VMs) in an on-premises data center. The company is expanding rapidly. The on-premises data center is not able to scale fast enough to meet business needs. The company wants to migrate the workloads to AWS.

The migration is time sensitive. The company wants to use a lift-and-shift strategy for non-critical workloads.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose three.)

A. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to collect data about the VMs.
B. Use AWS Application Migration Service. Install the AWS Replication Agent on the VMs. Most Voted
C. Complete the initial replication of the VMs. Launch test instances to perform acceptance tests on the VMs. Most Voted
D. Stop all operations on the VMs. Launch a cutover instance. Most Voted
E. Use AWS App2Container (A2C) to collect data about the VMs.
F. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate the VMs.
 
Correct Answer: BCD 🗳️
Community vote distribution
BCD (100%)

Question #1011Topic 1
A company hosts an application in a private subnet. The company has already integrated the application with Amazon Cognito. The company uses an Amazon Cognito user pool to authenticate users.

The company needs to modify the application so the application can securely store user documents in an Amazon S3 bucket.

Which combination of steps will securely integrate Amazon S3 with the application? (Choose two.)

A. Create an Amazon Cognito identity pool to generate secure Amazon S3 access tokens for users when they successfully log in. Most Voted
B. Use the existing Amazon Cognito user pool to generate Amazon S3 access tokens for users when they successfully log in.
C. Create an Amazon S3 VPC endpoint in the same VPC where the company hosts the application. Most Voted
D. Create a NAT gateway in the VPC where the company hosts the application. Assign a policy to the S3 bucket to deny any request that is not initiated from Amazon Cognito.
E. Attach a policy to the S3 bucket that allows access only from the users' IP addresses.
 
Correct Answer: AC 🗳️
Community vote distribution
AC (100%)

Question #1012Topic 1
A company has a three-tier web application that processes orders from customers. The web tier consists of Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The processing tier consists of EC2 instances. The company decoupled the web tier and processing tier by using Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS). The storage layer uses Amazon DynamoDB.

At peak times, some users report order processing delays and halls. The company has noticed that during these delays, the EC2 instances are running at 100% CPU usage, and the SQS queue fills up. The peak times are variable and unpredictable.

The company needs to improve the performance of the application.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use scheduled scaling for Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to scale out the processing tier instances for the duration of peak usage times. Use the CPU Utilization metric to determine when to scale.
B. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis in front of the DynamoDB backend tier. Use target utilization as a metric to determine when to scale.
C. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution to cache the responses for the web tier. Use HTTP latency as a metric to determine when to scale.
D. Use an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling target tracking policy to scale out the processing tier instances. Use the ApproximateNumberOfMessages attribute to determine when to scale. Most Voted
 
Correct Answer: D 🗳️
Community vote distribution
D (85%)
B (15%)

Question #1013Topic 1
A company's production environment consists of Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday. The instances must run for only 12 hours on Sunday and cannot tolerate interruptions. The company wants to cost-optimize the production environment.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Purchase Scheduled Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase Standard Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday. Most Voted
B. Purchase Convertible Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase Standard Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday.
C. Use Spot Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase Standard Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday.
D. Use Spot Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase Convertible Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday.
 
Correct Answer: A 🗳️
Community vote distribution
A (100%)

Question #1014Topic 1
A digital image processing company wants to migrate its on-premises monolithic application to the AWS Cloud. The company processes thousands of images and generates large files as part of the processing workflow.

The company needs a solution to manage the growing number of image processing jobs. The solution must also reduce the manual tasks in the image processing workflow. The company does not want to manage the underlying infrastructure of the solution.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with Amazon EC2 Spot Instances to process the images. Configure Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to orchestrate the workflow. Store the processed files in Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS).
B. Use AWS Batch jobs to process the images. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate the workflow. Store the processed files in an Amazon S3 bucket. Most Voted
C. Use AWS Lambda functions and Amazon EC2 Spot Instances to process the images. Store the processed files in Amazon FSx.
D. Deploy a group of Amazon EC2 instances to process the images. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate the workflow. Store the processed files in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume.
 
Correct Answer: B 🗳️
Community vote distribution
B (100%)

Question #1015Topic 1
A company's image-hosting website gives users around the world the ability to up load, view, and download images from their mobile devices. The company currently hosts the static website in an Amazon S3 bucket.

Because of the website's growing popularity, the website's performance has decreased. Users have reported latency issues when they upload and download images.

The company must improve the performance of the website.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort?

A. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the S3 bucket to improve the download performance. Enable S3 Transfer Acceleration to improve the upload performance. Most Voted
B. Configure Amazon EC2 instances of the right sizes in multiple AWS Regions. Migrate the application to the EC2 instances. Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute the website traffic equally among the EC2 instances. Configure AWS Global Accelerator to address global demand with low latency.
C. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution that uses the S3 bucket as an origin to improve the download performance. Configure the application to use CloudFront to upload images to improve the upload performance. Create S3 buckets in multiple AWS Regions. Configure replication rules for the buckets to replicate users' data based on the users' location. Redirect downloads to the S3 bucket that is closest to each user's location.
D. Configure AWS Global Accelerator for the S3 bucket to improve network performance. Create an endpoint for the application to use Global Accelerator instead of the S3 bucket.
 
Correct Answer: A 🗳️
Community vote distribution
A (100%)

Question #1016Topic 1
A company runs an application in a private subnet behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in a VPC. The VPC has a NAT gateway and an internet gateway. The application calls the Amazon S3 API to store objects.

According to the company's security policy, traffic from the application must not travel across the internet.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Configure an S3 interface endpoint. Create a security group that allows outbound traffic to Amazon S3.
B. Configure an S3 gateway endpoint. Update the VPC route table to use the endpoint. Most Voted
C. Configure an S3 bucket policy to allow traffic from the Elastic IP address that is assigned to the NAT gateway.
D. Create a second NAT gateway in the same subnet where the legacy application is deployed. Update the VPC route table to use the second NAT gateway.
 
Correct Answer: B 🗳️
Community vote distribution
B (100%)

Question #1017Topic 1
A company has an application that runs on an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster on Amazon EC2 instances. The application has a UI that uses Amazon DynamoDB and data services that use Amazon S3 as part of the application deployment.

The company must ensure that the EKS Pods for the UI can access only Amazon DynamoDB and that the EKS Pods for the data services can access only Amazon S3. The company uses AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).

Which solution meals these requirements?

A. Create separate IAM policies for Amazon S3 and DynamoDB access with the required permissions. Attach both IAM policies to the EC2 instance profile. Use role-based access control (RBAC) to control access to Amazon S3 or DynamoDB for the respective EKS Pods.
B. Create separate IAM policies for Amazon S3 and DynamoDB access with the required permissions. Attach the Amazon S3 IAM policy directly to the EKS Pods for the data services and the DynamoDB policy to the EKS Pods for the UI.
C. Create separate Kubernetes service accounts for the UI and data services to assume an IAM role. Attach the AmazonS3FullAccess policy to the data services account and the AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess policy to the UI service account. Most Voted
D. Create separate Kubernetes service accounts for the UI and data services to assume an IAM role. Use IAM Role for Service Accounts (IRSA) to provide access to the EKS Pods for the UI to Amazon S3 and the EKS Pods for the data services to DynamoDB.
 
Correct Answer: C 🗳️
Community vote distribution
C (71%)
D (29%)

Question #1018Topic 1
A company needs to give a globally distributed development team secure access to the company's AWS resources in a way that complies with security policies.

The company currently uses an on-premises Active Directory for internal authentication. The company uses AWS Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts that support multiple projects.

The company needs a solution to integrate with the existing infrastructure to provide centralized identity management and access control.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Set up AWS Directory Service to create an AWS managed Microsoft Active Directory on AWS. Establish a trust relationship with the on-premises Active Directory. Use IAM rotes that are assigned to Active Directory groups to access AWS resources within the company's AWS accounts.
B. Create an IAM user for each developer. Manually manage permissions for each IAM user based on each user's involvement with each project. Enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA) as an additional layer of security.
C. Use AD Connector in AWS Directory Service to connect to the on-premises Active Directory. Integrate AD Connector with AWS IAM Identity Center. Configure permissions sets to give each AD group access to specific AWS accounts and resources. Most Voted
D. Use Amazon Cognito to deploy an identity federation solution. Integrate the identity federation solution with the on-premises Active Directory. Use Amazon Cognito to provide access tokens for developers to access AWS accounts and resources.
 
Correct Answer: C 🗳️
Community vote distribution
C (79%)
A (21%)

Question #1019Topic 1
A company is developing an application in the AWS Cloud. The application's HTTP API contains critical information that is published in Amazon API Gateway. The critical information must be accessible from only a limited set of trusted IP addresses that belong to the company's internal network.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Set up an API Gateway private integration to restrict access to a predefined set of IP addresses.
B. Create a resource policy for the API that denies access to any IP address that is not specifically allowed. Most Voted
C. Directly deploy the API in a private subnet. Create a network ACL. Set up rules to allow the traffic from specific IP addresses.
D. Modify the security group that is attached to API Gateway to allow inbound traffic from only the trusted IP addresses.
 
Correct Answer: B 🗳️
Community vote distribution